Hi, welcome to our SSS demo! 

Here you'll find what hopefully will be useful information for gamedevs and artists, including what subsurface
scattering (SSS) is, what the parameters are, as well as some useful tips to achieve the highest realism possible out
of the shader. Most of the info here is basic stuff but I'd like to give a quick summary anyway.

First of all, lets explain what Subsurface Scattering is. It's a process in which light falling onto an object enters
its body at one point, scatters within it, then exits the object at some other point. This process happens in skin, and
has a vital importance in its visual appearance. In an object without subsurface scattering such as a rock, the light
doesn't enter the object, so the entry and exit point are the very same. Ok, now for lets go with the most relevant
controls on the right, from top to bottom. But before that, please take into account that besides the controls, the
alpha channel of the diffuse map can be used to modulate how strong is the SSS effect in each zone of the face.

The first one is 'Separate Speculars'. When light hits the surface of the skin, a percentage of it just reflects
(speculars), while other manages to get inside of the skin, and scatters within it. So, this means that SSS only 
happens in the diffuse component of the lighting. In some cases, it may be too expensive to store the diffuse and
specular components separately, and thus subsurface scattering must be applied to both, which still yields very 
realistic results despite not being a perfect solution. Having separate speculars allows to apply SSS only to the
diffuse component, as happens in the real world.

You may want to enable/disable 'SSS rendering', or to simply push S, to enable/disable the filter effects, and see how
important is to simulate SSS. Notice how SSS depends on the lighting configuration, which rules out precalculation.

The light diffusion produced by the SSS mechanism should occur on the surface of the object, not in a screen oriented
plane. Enabling 'Follow Surface' will ensure that diffusion is correctly calculated, at the expense of more memory
accesses.

Now, to the parameters that control the SSS filter:
1) SSS Width: specifies the global level of subsurface scattering, or in other words, the width of the filter.
2) SSS Strength: specifies the how much of the diffuse light gets into the skin, and thus gets modified by the SSS
mechanism. It can be seen as a per-channel mix factor between the original image, and the SSS filtered image.
3) SSS Falloff: defines the per-channel falloff of the gradients produced by the subsurface scattering events. It can
be used to fine tune the color of the gradients.
4) SSS Translucency: controls the translucency of thin slabs like the ears or nose.

The specular controls on the left, are exposed to showcase the potential of the Kelemen/Szirmay-Kalos model used the
specular component. Physically accurate speculars like these are crucial for believable skin. Playing with the
roughness you can make the face to look sweaty. Note that these parameters are global tweaks, they are already changing
over the face (for example, to make speculars stronger on the forehead).

Finally, the 'Bumpiness' control is exposed to showcase the huge importance of a proper normal map. Notice that without
bumps, what SSS does is just to colorize the gradients in the shadows and shading boundaries. Properly crafted normal
maps make for most of the realism obtained with SSS shaders. Also, remember that SSS softens the bumps, and thus they
must be designed much more sharper than what an artist would usually do if SSS was not available. My recommendation is
to take a look into the scanned normal map included in the demo, and use it as reference for developing bump maps with
the proper appearance. Bump tiling can be used when using high resolution maps isn't a possibility. It's also worth
noting that the albedo is blurred with the lighting, so it should also be stronger than usual (using "Smart Sharpen"
in Photoshop works fine).